ResNet50 on ImageNet training script example (#1434)
mosaicml/composer: examples/imagenet/README.md

# ImageNet Examples

These examples illustrate how to train models on ImageNet-1k using Composer.

Prerequisites:
- Install Compose: `pip install mosaicml`
- ImageNet already downloaded on the system used for training

## ResNet

> The `train_resnet_imagenet1k.py` script trains models from the ResNet architecture family e.g. ResNet-50, ResNet-101.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `train_resnet_imagenet1k.py` script trains models from the ResNet architecture family (e.g. ResNet-50, ResNet-101).
```

> Few details about the script:
> - Models are pulled directly from torchvision, then wrapped into a `ComposerModel`
> - Saves checkpoints to "checkpoints/{run_name}" by default where `run_name` is random if not specified
> - Logs time-to-train, throughput, and learning rate throughout training.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This script:
- Pulls models directly from torchvision, then wraps them in a `ComposerModel`
- Saves checkpoints to "checkpoints/{run_name}" by default, where `run_name` is random if not specified
- Logs time-to-train, throughput, and learning rate throughout training.
```

### Example configurations:

> <!--pytest.mark.skip-->

Reviewer: I'm assuming this doesn't do anything given the conf.py change.
```suggestion
```

```bash
# Single GPU/CPU depending on torch.cuda.is_available()
python train_resnet_imagenet1k.py /path/to/imagenet

# Log experiments to Weights and Biases
python train_resnet_imagenet1k.py /path/to/imagenet --wandb_logger --wandb_entity my_username --wandb_project my_project --wandb_run_name my_run_name

# Single/Multi GPU training (infers the number of GPUs available)
composer train_resnet_imagenet1k.py /path/to/imagenet

# Manually specify number of GPUs to use:
composer -n $N_GPUS train_resnet_imagenet1k.py /path/to/imagenet

# Mild ResNet recipe for fastest training to ~76.5% accuracy:
composer train_resnet_imagenet1k.py /path/to/imagenet --recipe_name mild --train_crop_size 176 --eval_crop_size 224 --max_duration 36ep  --loss_name binary_cross_entropy

> # Medium ResNet recipe highest accuracy with similar training time as baseline:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Medium ResNet recipe for highest accuracy with similar training time as the baseline:
```
